hey guys my name is chaotic and in
today's grand theft auto 5 video I'm
going to be showing you guys an
absolutely crazy glitch in GTA 5 online
which allows you to get the duffle bag
from the bank heist missions in free
roam now as I'm sure you guys know the
duffle bag is not an available item in
free roam there is no way of purchasing
it and it's only available in heist
missions but I'll be showing you guys
how to get this in free roam and this
glitch is extremely easy and it works on
all consoles so without any further ado
let's get straight into this video so to
begin with what you want to do for this
glitch is make your way to an ammunation
store and once inside go up to the front
press right on the d-pad to browse the
weapons and once inside this weapons
menu just go ahead and select the
parachute bag then go to parachute bags
and scroll down this menu and select the
Israel chute bag and once you have done
so back out of the weapons menu and hold
the back button on your controller to
bring up the interactive menu then go to
inventory scroll down and select
parachute and then just turn your
parachute on so once you have your
parachute on your back just go ahead and
make your way to a hair salon and once
inside press right on the d-pad to get a
makeover and once inside this menu
scroll down to the bottom and select
makeup then go to lipstick and scroll
down and hover over the first option but
do not select anything and as you can
see your parachute will then become
visible from here then just simply back
out and when you do so and you stand up
your parachute we swapped out for the
duffel bag from the bank heist mission
so there we go that's the tree all there
is to it for this glitch to get the
duffel bag in GTA 5 online in free mode
and there's an extremely easy glitch and
it's also a very quick glitch as well
you can do this glitch in less than 60
seconds and as mentioned previously this
glitch works on all consoles so you can
do this glitch on the Xbox one the Xbox
360 the PlayStation 3 and the
PlayStation 4 and of course once you
have the duffel bag it is yours to keep
and if you want to you can also save
this as an outfit by going down to the
local clothes store pressing right on
the d-pad at the counter and sighting
the first option for saved outfits then
saving your outfit that's whatever you
want to save it as so there we go that's
how you get the duffel bag in GTA 5
online as mentioned previously there is
no physical way of obtaining this or
purchasing this whatsoever when playing
in free roam the anyway to get the
duffel bag usually in GTA 5 is by
playing the heist mission but of course
by using this glitch
you can now get this in free roam so
there we go guys that is it for this
video I do hope you guys have enjoyed it
and I hope this video helps you guys out
if you could take a few seconds everyday
to click the like button it would help
me at Sloss and it's also greatly
appreciated also be sure to leave a
comment on this video and let me know
your thoughts about this glitch and if
you have not subscribed to my youtube
channel ready I'd recommend you do
because I upload all the latest and the
greatest Grand Theft Auto 5 content so
once again thank you guys for watching
and I will see you guys next time